Update info about acra keys (#318)
cossacklabs/product-docs: content/acra/configuring-maintaining/general-configuration/acra-keys/export.md

# export

**`export`** is `acra-keys` subcommand used for exporting keys.

{{< hint info >}}
**Note**:

> Before `0.95.0` `acra-keys` **`export`** supports keys exporting only for keystore version `v2`.

Reviewer: i don't understand what do you mean here

Reviewer 2: > Before `0.95.0` `acra-keys export` used to support only keystore version `v2`. 

Will be enough and clear I think

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from `0.95.0` `acra-keys export` supports exporting keys from keystore `v1` and `v2`. Older versions of `acra-keys` support only `v2` keystore.
```
